feat: add emit events and update spec docs (#46)
tendermint/budget: x/budget/spec/04_begin_block.md

# Begin-Block

> At each `BeginBlock`, get all budgets registered in `params.Budgets` and select the valid budgets to distribute rewards for the previous block by its respective rate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At each `BeginBlock`, get all budgets registered in `params.Budgets` and select the valid budgets to collect budgets for the block by its respective rate.
```

Author: 1. We should also fix [this comment](https://github.com/tendermint/budget/blob/b1fd56200d/x/budget/abci.go#L15)?
2. I think it should explain more about what it exactly does. If you look at this line [sendCoins](https://github.com/tendermint/budget/blob/b1fd56200d0b34708c9384ee725b8d83cb6649ca/x/budget/keeper/budget.go#L57), it sends `collectedCoins` from `budgetSourceAcc ` to `collectionAcc`. Maybe we should add a context about this?

Reviewer: 1. Yes, I think the comment was a mistake while copying the distribution module code.
2. Yes, That would be better.

+++ https://github.com/tendermint/budget/blob/master/x/budget/abci.go#L15-L22

## Workflow

1. Get all the budgets registered in `params.Budgets` and proceed with the valid and not expired budgets. Otherwise, it exits and waits for the next block. 

2. Create a map by `BudgetSourceAddress` to handle the budgets for the same `BudgetSourceAddress` together based on the same balance when calculating rates for the same `BudgetSourceAddress`.

3. Collect budgets from `BudgetSourceAddress` and send amount of coins to `CollectionAddress` relative to the rate of each budget`.

> 4. Write metrics about successful budget collection and emit events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Cumulate `TotalCollectedCoins` and emit events about the successful budget collection for each budget.
```
